something big
oh it's way
we stay out of the way unlike some
people
and that one makes it all worth it right
I saw you fighting him that's all hell
broke loose you'll get him out that's on
the 60 pounds on 60 pounds I don't know
Damon Damon what did it hit my fish
gotcha
I hope he keeps him on
I got the net warm don't worry let that
sucker run and do what I do
move your chair back here just in case
he comes this way holy
what's that
gee whiz holy cow
no obviously in fine it's crazy
oh the kingfish
I'll let you bring them in okay
okay I'm not gonna chase you
bring them right over here yes will you
bring them to the net all right I told
you had your cover dude I told you I had
you covered dude and I get on film for
you too
that's teamwork right
a shark I just talked
it's in there pretty good you might need
to get a pair of pliers on that sucker
he's cut that mine and it's beautiful
right
all right good luck I got you covered
man what a knit Bonita
he's a tuna yeah he's cutting you'll cut
those gills just those gills out